Agent
Now lets look at the tick accumulator from the get health packet. Show a asset panel as an image of a water meter analog display showing the tick accumulator as Litres = latest tick accumulator reading / LCF

6 days ago
No. I didnt want the meter in the boxes on the liat page. I wanted it as part of the asset detail page as a pane. And the meter reading just needs to be a digital meter number display. Drop the dial.

6 days ago
Make it b

6 days ago
Your message got cut off — what did you want to make bigger (or something else)?

(No response provided)
6 days ago
Make the digital meter black on white background. Add a button "set meter value" and use the ewater api command "/api/Ewc/ResetTickAccumulator" using a box to enter the number of litres to set it to

6 days ago
Library
Tasks
Agent
I get error

26 minutes ago
I get error 500

25 minutes ago
Still 500. I did this

22 minutes ago
19 minutes ago
Stil invalid scope

16 minutes ago
13 minutes ago
{"connected":true,"organisations":[{"id":"7d5b15be-03e0-40cc-ac96-3abe01f09c2d","name":"Demo Company (Global)","type":"ORGANISATION"}]}

9 minutes ago
Show me something to start with so i can see it works

8 minutes ago
Ok. Consult the other ewater api project and get access to the ewater apis using the same secrets

3 minutes ago
I have another replit project that connects perfectly to ewater apis. Can you access that project?

2 minutes ago
Give me a prompt to ask replit agent in the other project to export and share evrrything you need

Just now
Copy and paste this into the other project's agent:

I need you to export everything required for another Replit project to integrate with this eWater API. Please provide all of the following in a single response:

Base URL — the full public URL this API is hosted at (check the workflow preview URL or REPLIT_DOMAINS env var)
All API endpoints — list every route with its method (GET/POST/etc), full path, what it does, and any query/body parameters it accepts
Authentication — exactly how requests must be authenticated (API key header, bearer token, session cookie, etc.) and the name of any env vars or secrets used
Response shapes — example JSON response for each endpoint
Environment variables/secrets needed — names of every secret or env var the calling project must have set (values will be copied over separately, just the names)
Any shared secrets — list any secret names that are identical between projects (e.g. SESSION_SECRET, API_KEY) so they don't need to be re-entered

